docs: mention graphite incompatibilities (#6664)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: README.md

When configuring Graphite datasource in Grafana, the `Storage-Step` http request header must be set to a step between Graphite data points
stored in VictoriaMetrics. For example, `Storage-Step: 10s` would mean 10 seconds distance between Graphite datapoints stored in VictoriaMetrics.

#### Known Incompatibilities with `graphite-web`

- **Timestamp Shifting**: VictoriaMetrics does not support shifting response timestamps outside the request time range as `graphite-web` does. This limitation impacts chained functions with time modifiers, such as `timeShift(summarize)`. For more details, refer to this [issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/2969).

> - **Concurrent Data Processing**: Due to the concurrent nature of metrics data processing, functions within the `seriesLists` family can produce non-deterministic results. To ensure consistent results, arguments for these functions must be wrapped with a sorting function. For instance, the function `divideSeriesLists(series_list_1, series_list_2)` should be modified to `divideSeriesLists(sortByName(series_list_1), sortByName(series_list_2))`.  See this [issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5810) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Non-deterministic series order**: due to the distributed nature of metrics processing, functions within the `seriesLists` family can produce non-deterministic results. To ensure consistent results, arguments for these functions must be wrapped with a sorting function. For instance, the function `divideSeriesLists(series_list_1, series_list_2)` should be modified to `divideSeriesLists(sortByName(series_list_1), sortByName(series_list_2))`.  See this [issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5810) for details.
```
